Updates to out of date guidelines #2086 (#2142)
Azure/azure-sdk: docs/dotnet/introduction.md

## Introduction

The following document describes .NET specific guidelines for designing Azure SDK client libraries. These guidelines complement general [.NET Framework Design Guidelines](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/framework-design-guidelines/9780135896457) with design considerations specific to the Azure SDK. These guidelines also expand on and simplify language-independent [General Azure SDK Guidelines][general-guidelines]. More specific guidelines take precedence over more general guidelines.

Throughout this document, we'll use the client library for the [Azure Application Configuration service](https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk-for-net/tree/master/sdk/appconfiguration/Azure.Data.AppConfiguration) to illustrate various design concepts.  

> Note that these guidelines were developed primarily for typical Azure REST services, i.e. stateless services with request-response based interaction model. Many of the guidelines in this document are more broadly applicable, but some might be specific to such REST services.

Reviewer: It feels like this should go in the Support for non-HTTP Protocols section below (line 63)

Author: I was actually thinking about removing the non-HTTP services. I find it strange to have a section saying that the doc has nothing on it. It just confuses people reading the TOC. But if you really think it's better to have this note in the section, I will move.

Reviewer: I think it will be helpful for people who have non-HTTP services to have it stated clearly that much of this document is about HTTP request/response.

I like what you've added about how some guidelines are more broadly applicable.  I'd like to address this more fully in a later phase per https://github.com/Azure/azure-sdk/issues/2118, where we actually call out which guidance applies to HTTP+ services.  In the meantime, I'd keep what you have and just move this into the section on non-HTTP.

_Simple methods_ are methods that take up to six parameters, with most of the parameters being simple BCL primitives. _Complex methods_ are methods that take large number of parameters and typically correspond to REST APIs with complex request payloads.

> _Simple methods_ should follow standard [.NET Framework Design Guidelines](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/framework-design-guidelines/9780135896457) for parameter list and overload design.

Reviewer: Would it make sense to link this to Ch 5 of FDG directly?  e.g. 
```suggestion
_Simple methods_ should follow standard [.NET Framework Design Guidelines for parameter list and overload design](https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/framework-design-guidelines/9780135896457/ch05.xhtml).
```

Author: will do

> TODO: Link to these guidelines in FDG3

Reviewer: Remove this TODO since it has been addressed.

```suggestion
```

{% include requirement/MUST id="dotnet-service-models-prefer-structs" %} ensure model types are structs, if they meet the criteria for being structs.

> Good candidates for struct are types that are small and immutable, especially if they are often stored in arrays. See [.NET Framework Design Guidelines](https://www.oreilly.com/library/view/framework-design-guidelines/9780135896457) for details.

Reviewer: Consider linking to section 4.2 directly:

```suggestion
Good candidates for struct are types that are small and immutable, especially if they are often stored in arrays. See [.NET Framework Design Guidelines](https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/framework-design-guidelines/9780135896457/ch04.xhtml#sec4_2) for details.
```

- ```IReadOnlyDictionary<T>``` and ```IDictionary<T>``` for lookup tables
- ```T[]```, ```Memory<T>```, and ```ReadOnlyMemory<T>``` when low allocations and performance are critical

> Note that this guidance does not apply to input parameters. Input parameters representing collections should follow standard [.NET Framework Design Guidelines](https://docs.microsoft.com/dotnet/standard/design-guidelines/parameter-design), e.g. use ```IEnumerable<T>``` is allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that this guidance does not apply to input parameters. Input parameters representing collections should follow standard [.NET Framework Design Guidelines](https://learning.oreilly.com/library/view/framework-design-guidelines/9780135896457/ch05.xhtml#sec5_8), e.g. use ```IEnumerable<T>``` is allowed.
```
